cmu/csdetector/dummy/lcom/DummyGrandSon.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.lcom.DummyGrandSon
cmu/csdetector/dummy/group/Movie.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.group.Movie
cmu/csdetector/util/GenericCollector.java
 cmu.csdetector.util.GenericCollector
cmu/csdetector/dummy/smells/BrainClassWithOneBrainMethod.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.smells.BrainClassWithOneBrainMethod
cmu/csdetector/dummy/lcom/EmptyClass.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.lcom.EmptyClass
cmu/csdetector/dummy/lcom/DummySon.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.lcom.DummySon
cmu/csdetector/metrics/LCOM2Test.java
 cmu.csdetector.metrics.LCOM2Test
cmu/csdetector/dummy/group/Registrar.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.group.Registrar
cmu/csdetector/dummy/smells/SuperDummy.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.smells.SuperDummy
cmu/csdetector/metrics/MoveMethodLCOMTest.java
 cmu.csdetector.metrics.MoveMethodLCOMTest
cmu/csdetector/dummy/group/Customer.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.group.Customer
cmu/csdetector/dummy/smells/RefusedBequestSample.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.smells.RefusedBequestSample
cmu/csdetector/metrics/LCOM3Test.java
 cmu.csdetector.metrics.LCOM3Test
cmu/csdetector/dummy/smells/BlobClassSample.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.smells.BlobClassSample
cmu/csdetector/dummy/lcom/DummyLCOM.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.lcom.DummyLCOM
cmu/csdetector/dummy/smells/FeatureEnvyMethod.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.smells.FeatureEnvyMethod
cmu/csdetector/dummy/smells/FieldAccessedByMethod.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.smells.FieldAccessedByMethod
cmu/csdetector/dummy/group/Rental.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.group.Rental
cmu/csdetector/dummy/group/Tape.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.group.Tape
cmu/csdetector/metrics/SimilarityCoefficientTest.java
 cmu.csdetector.metrics.SimilarityCoefficientTest
cmu/csdetector/dummy/lcom/DummyDad.java
 cmu.csdetector.dummy.lcom.DummyDad
cmu/csdetector/util/TypeLoader.java
 cmu.csdetector.util.TypeLoader
cmu/csdetector/metrics/MoveMethodHeuristicTest.java
 cmu.csdetector.metrics.MoveMethodHeuristicTest
